eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/util/Genese.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.util.Genese
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/model/TestAllIn.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.model.TestAllIn
com/jump/dolphin/RESTManager.java
 com.jump.dolphin.RESTManager
 com.jump.dolphin.RESTManager$1
fr/gdussine/dolphin/core/PortfolioSelector.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.core.PortfolioSelector
com/jump/dolphin/Portfolio.java
 com.jump.dolphin.Portfolio
com/jump/dolphin/TestUser.java
 com.jump.dolphin.TestUser
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/genetic/Individual.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.genetic.Individual
com/jump/dolphin/ChangeRate.java
 com.jump.dolphin.ChangeRate
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/util/DolphinAPIService.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.util.DolphinAPIService
com/jump/dolphin/AssetCurrency.java
 com.jump.dolphin.AssetCurrency
com/jump/dolphin/Price.java
 com.jump.dolphin.Price
com/jump/dolphin/DynAmountLineCurrencyModel.java
 com.jump.dolphin.DynAmountLineCurrencyModel
com/jump/dolphin/EnumAssetType.java
 com.jump.dolphin.EnumAssetType
fr/gdussine/dolphin/model/GuiPortfolio.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.model.GuiPortfolio
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/genetic/Population.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.genetic.Population
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.genetic.Population$1
com/jump/dolphin/JumpValue.java
 com.jump.dolphin.JumpValue
fr/gdussine/dolphin/core/PortfolioBuilder.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.core.PortfolioBuilder
com/jump/dolphin/RatioMultiAssetParamModel.java
 com.jump.dolphin.RatioMultiAssetParamModel
fr/gdussine/dolphin/core/Synergie.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.core.Synergie
com/jump/dolphin/NumberValue.java
 com.jump.dolphin.NumberValue
com/jump/dolphin/DynAmountLineAssetModel.java
 com.jump.dolphin.DynAmountLineAssetModel
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/model/Dooglas.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.model.Dooglas
com/jump/dolphin/MonetaryNumber.java
 com.jump.dolphin.MonetaryNumber
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/model/SimplexClass.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.model.SimplexClass
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.model.SimplexClass$ERROR
com/jump/dolphin/EnumDynAmountTypeWebModel.java
 com.jump.dolphin.EnumDynAmountTypeWebModel
com/jump/dolphin/TestGenerateNaifPortfolio.java
 com.jump.dolphin.TestGenerateNaifPortfolio
 com.jump.dolphin.TestGenerateNaifPortfolio$ComparatorByRatio
fr/gdussine/dolphin/api/JumpService.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.api.JumpService
com/jump/dolphin/Asset.java
 com.jump.dolphin.Asset
com/jump/dolphin/PercentNumber.java
 com.jump.dolphin.PercentNumber
com/jump/dolphin/RatioResult.java
 com.jump.dolphin.RatioResult
com/jump/dolphin/AssetCurrencyManager.java
 com.jump.dolphin.AssetCurrencyManager
com/jump/dolphin/DynAmountLineContainerModel.java
 com.jump.dolphin.DynAmountLineContainerModel
fr/gdussine/dolphin/core/SynergieSaver.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.core.SynergieSaver
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.core.SynergieSaver$1
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/util/ODUtils.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.util.ODUtils
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/model/ODPortfolio.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.model.ODPortfolio
com/jump/dolphin/RequestUtil.java
 com.jump.dolphin.RequestUtil
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/core/MainApp.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.core.MainApp
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/genetic/GeneticAlgo.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.genetic.GeneticAlgo
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/util/Context.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.util.Context
com/jump/dolphin/ErrorMessage.java
 com.jump.dolphin.ErrorMessage
com/jump/dolphin/Evaluation.java
 com.jump.dolphin.Evaluation
 com.jump.dolphin.Evaluation$1
 com.jump.dolphin.Evaluation$PortfolioEvaluationInfos
com/jump/dolphin/Ratio.java
 com.jump.dolphin.Ratio
eu/telecomnancy/dolphin/model/ODLine.java
 eu.telecomnancy.dolphin.model.ODLine
fr/gdussine/dolphin/core/Combiner.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.core.Combiner
fr/gdussine/dolphin/BasicApp.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.BasicApp
fr/gdussine/dolphin/model/TreeNode.java
 fr.gdussine.dolphin.model.TreeNode
